How is this even possible?
I am so confused!
Then allow me to explain.
Ahem. Ahem.
[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
a perplexing ceremony began
in the hopes of unlocking
Gohan's inner potential.
While back at the Lookout,
Goten and Trunks finally
mastered the Fusion pose
that Goku had shown them in his
last precious moments on Earth.
But what would be the result?
Goku was convinced that merging
these two boys into one
would create a fighter strong
enough to defeat Majin Buu.
Amazingly,
Gotenks has been born,
and Goku's plan will be
put to the test. Now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[BUU]
Town go boom!
[laughs]
Huh? Huh?
Those boats no escape Buu!
--What?
--[PEOPLE screaming]
Aah! Majin Buu! He's here!
Here come Buu!
[BUU laughs]
Buu. Could. Go. All. The. Way!
Ha-ha! Yay! Yay! Yay! Yay! Yay!
[MALE PASSENGER 41B]
Help! Somebody, please!
Help me! I can't swim! Aah!
Who that?
I'm drowning! Aah! Ah!
[gasping]
Thank you. You saved my life.
That monster, he--
It's the monster!
--Somebody help me, please!
--You mean.
--I'll go back to drowning!
--Buu hate you.
[yells]
[BUU]
Hm-hmmm!
[MALE PASSENGER 41B yells]
[BUU grunts]
Hm?
[GOTENKS] You think
you're so tough, don't you?
Well, that blast was just
my way of saying hello.
I know I'll have to actually
try to hurt you for real.
[BUU]
Who you? Tell Buu now!
[GOTENKS] Why should I?
You don't need to know my name.
You're about to be dead.
--What?
--Okay. Sorry, Buu.
But I don't have time
to waste on small talk.
They told me to take care
of you as fast as I can.
--Take care?
--Here goes.
[yells]
--[GOTENKS yells]
--[BUU] Oooh!
[GOTENKS grunts]
Ya!
[yells]
[grunts]
Eat that!
[GOTENKS]
There goes the ugly fatso!
I thought a magical
Majin would be tougher.
Oh, wait a second.
I was gonna bring back
his body as proof he was dead.
And now I've gone
and vaporized him.
Oh well. No sense
crying over it now.
What?!
Ooh!
[laughs]
You call Buu an ugly fatso.
That make Buu mad!
[grunts, whistles]
Buu mad, huh?
What's Buu gonna do about it?
[chuckles]
Buu gonna get you!
[GOTENKS]
Oh yeah? How?
--[yells]
--Too slow!
[GOTENKS]
Impossible! I dodged him!
He must've seen that
coming and tricked me!
He's already
learned the way I fight?
[groans]
[BUU chuckles]
Now Buu make you die!
[chuckles]
[GOTENKS grunts]
[COMMANDER 41A]
You think you can terrorize
the whole human race?
Well, the Defense Force
still has something to say
about that. Open fire!
Hey! You're no match
for him, you guys.
Can't you see that?
Get out of here
while you still can!
What? No way!
Bad move. Not smart!
No! Don' do it!
Die!
It can't be!
[yells]
Buu Bu Buuuuu...!
Now kill even more!
Hey. Well, that was quick.
[CHICHI]
Goten! You're back!
[BULMA]
Trunks! Are you boys okay?
Eeh-he-heh. Guess I'm still
working out the kinks.
[YAMCHA, ROSHI, KRILLIN groan]
--Huh?
--What were you thinking?
Goku told Buu he'd have
to wait for one more day
before he could fight you.
And you need every minute
of that for training!
Even a small increase
in strength before you fuse
could make the difference in
this whole planet's survival!
Understood. Trunkten?
[ROSHI] It's uh, Gotenks,
remember? He's going with that.
[PICCOLO] Fine, whatever!
The point is the same!
[GOTENKS groans]
[ELDER KAI hollers]
[SUPREME KAI]
Uuuh...
[BUU]
Buuuuuuu!
[PEOPLE screaming]
[BUU]
Buu!
Buu! Buu! Buu!
[screams]
[PEOPLE screaming]
[laughs]
Wooo!
[NARRATOR]
Just over one day had passed
since Majin Buu's senseless
rampage had begun.
Yet, incredibly,
80% of civilization--
the earth's people
and their cities--
had already been destroyed.
And it seemed Majin Buu's hunger
would never be satisfied.
Nation after nation was turned
into candy and devoured,
but no feast was ever enough.
The human race did not
accept its fate quietly.
Every military force
was mobilized.
Every tank and fighter,
bomb and warhead,
every doomsday weapon
mankind could dream up
was unleashed with
desperately crossed fingers.
But nothing worked.
Extinction hung
like a black cloud,
signaling to mankind,
"this is your end."
Yet still,
in the face of all this,
those who remained did not
lose hope completely.
[screeches]
[NARRATOR] Because through
that black cloud
pierced one last ray of hope.
Radio broadcasts eagerly
reported there was still
one weapon that had
not been launched.
An overwhelming instrument
that had already
saved the world before.
This was the most
powerful weapon on Earth,
and he had a beating heart.
This was the hero
who had dominated Cell.
This was the greatest warrior
in the world--
no--in the whole universe!
The mightiest of all men,
boasting a legendary
undefeated streak.
The champion was awakening,
after his recuperation
in an underground shelter
to relieve the fatigue
of the World Martial
Arts Tournament.
His name was Mr. Satan, and he
was ready to save the world.
Yeah!
[PEOPLE] Mr. Satan! Mr. Satan!
Mr. Satan! Mr. Satan!
Rest easy, world!
You got the Mr. Satan guarantee
that Majin Buu is through!
Sir. Be careful out there.
[MR. SATAN]
Just listen to that love.
The people realize
they need their mighty hero
like never before.
Couldn't have timed it better.
[MR. SATAN] So, that's it.
The evil lair of Majin Buu.
Yes. At least according
to our intelligence reports.
Okay! Leave the rest up to me!
You boys go back to the ship.
I'll let you know when it's time
for the balloons and streamers.
[OFFICER 41A] Okay, sir!
You're our last best hope!
Please save the world
like I know you can!
Um. Excuse me, Mr. Satan.
What's in the handbag?
No time to explain, officer.
Let's just say I've developed
a secret weapon or two
for crushing me some Majin Buu!
Oh, a secret weapon!
That's very encouraging!
[laughs]
The human race doesn't
have to fear him any longer!
I'm a world-saving expert
and I'll make that
pink monster cry uncle!
He'll spend his last moments
cursing his choice
to invade this planet,
not knowing it was home
to the mightiest hero
in the universe!
[MR. SATAN]
Nailed it.
Now, you boys run for cover!
I'm about to let that beast
know I've come for him!
[MR. SATAN quietly]
Hey! Come out, Majin Buu!
Mr. Satan's here!
No, you're not coming out?
You're too scared?
Okay, don't blame ya!
Guess I'll come to you!
I'm gonna beat you to a pulp!
laughs quietly]
[OFFICER 41A]
Um, excuse me again, sir?
Have you strained
your voice or something?
Because it kinda sounds to me
like you're whispering.
[MR. SATAN clears throat]
A strained voice; yes.
That's what it is.
Ha, I knew it!
Well, don't worry, sir.
I'll be happy
to tell him off for you!
Get out here, Majin Buu,
and show your cowardly face!
Mr. Satan is gonna rip you a--
[MR. SATAN] You idiot.
What are you thinking?
If you shout
he's gonna hear you!
It's called the
element of surprise!
Okay, I don't think
he heard you.
Look, you guys are
slowing down my heroics.
You need to back it up!
[OFFICER 41A] Of course, sir.
We'll leave the earth
in your manly hands.
Just be careful, okay!
[MR. SATAN]
I'll signal when it's safe!
If the press calls, tell 'em
I'm still available to talk--
Huh?!
Oh well. I'm glad they
left me here all alone!
Now I can fight
without distractions.
Or help. From anyone.
[MR. SATAN]
All right.
Hmmm.
[MR. SATAN panting]
Hey, maybe he's not here.
He's not here!
[laughs]
[yelling]
I see you lost
your nerve, Majin Buu!
Well, there's not much
I can do if you run away
like a weenie every time
I come around!
Guess I'll just have
to go home knowing
I'm the champion by default!
Wuss! Fatty!
I fart on you! Take that!
[laughs]
Nnnngh!
No! I was talking
about myself. I'm the fatty!
And farting's a show
of respect in my culture!
Please don't kill me! I'm sorry!
I'll do anything!
[MR. SATAN]
A lizard? Damn it!
Don't startle me like that!
And don't tell anyone
what I said!
I was just joking about joking!
I'm not scared of nobody!
[BUU]
Yoo-hoo!
Buuu! Hello!
[BUU]
Buu!
Oh, thank goodness
you're here, Majin Buu, sir.
I was so scared I'd missed you.
It's such an honor
to meet your strong
beautiful handsomeness--
you're my hero!
[laughs]
What Buu turn you into:
hard candy, or gummy, or cookie?
Buu let you pick.
No! No, wait. Please, don't
turn me into anything yet!
I got a present for ya!
Don't you want to see it?
Here you go! I know
it's nothing much, but...
If nothing much, Buu not
want it. Forget it.
Oh no! I misspoke.
It's not nothing.
It's a whole lotta something!
Ritzy chocolates, see?
Help yourself!
Ooh, its chocolate!
Hmm. But what does
this "ritzy" mean?
Oh, that just means
they're expensive and fancy--
the best chocolate there is!
[MR. SATAN chuckles]
[MR. SATAN] That's right,
you fool. Munch away!
Those chocolates are filled
with the deadliest poison!
You'll soon be writhing in pain!
[BUU] You right.
These much more ritzy
than chocolate
made from people.
I'm glad you like them.
Now here's your next present!
It's called a Game Poy!
[BUU]
What that?
You can play games on it, see?
You fight people
on the little screen!
And ya--ya--
Try it. You'll have a blast!
[laughs]
[BOTH laugh]
Mmm! This game too hard!
[MR. SATAN screams]
Let's try an easier
title! Like this!
[BUU] Oh, Buu get it. This game
pretty... hard... too.
[MR. SATAN]
He'll have a blast, all right.
From the hidden explosive!
[chuckles]
Die!
[MR. SATAN]
Oh yeah.
Game over!
Hey, you right. That game
is fun. Buu like big ending!
Good. I'm so happy
that it was fun.
Buu like you, funny man.
Buu make you his servant.
Oh! Thanks, that's
exactly what I wanted!
[BUU] These for you! Hard
candies Buu made from people!
[MR. SATAN]
Uuh!
Buu watch you enjoy them.
Oh thank you, Buu.
It's always nice
to get presents.
Oh, they're delicious.
What an interesting flavor!
And knowing
what they're made from
doesn't make me feel like
crying or vomiting at all!
[MR. SATAN]
Look!
[BUU]
Look what?
[MR. SATAN]
Wha...?
[MR. SATAN yells]
[BUU]
Is something there?
Oh, uh, no.
It's nothing, I guess.
I just thought I saw a person,
hiding like a coward that's all.
Let's kill him!
Ah-ha-ha!
[MR. SATAN] That was, uh,
very good. Stupendous!
I can't tell you how
thrilled I am to be here!
[laughs]
Great. And now if it's okay,
we're gonna take a quick picture
to mark this wonderful day
I became your slave!
It's a dream come true.
Now, this may sound odd,
but could you lie down for me?
Arms down, eyes shut?
Is this good?
[MR. SATAN] Perfect!
This pose is in fashion!
It's all the rage with the kids!
A-ha!
[MR. SATAN] Least I got the
picture. That'll do for now!
Okey-dokey, Master Buu.
Are you hungry, sir?
I consider myself to be
a world-class chef you know.
Gotta keep you fed!
[MR. SATAN] All right, sir.
Your gourmet cuisine is ready!
Dig in!
You must be
tuckered out, master!
Let's get you bathed
and into those jammies!
[MR. SATAN] Ooh. That's right,
monster, let your guard down!
The great hero will
conquer you soon enough.
Just as soon as
he figures out how.
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
I sure hope your powering-up
ceremony's almost over, Gohan.
What? Another twenty hours?
[PICCOLO]
There's no time waste!
You need to learn Fusion
as Super Saiyans.
Then you really could be
stronger than Goku and Vegeta.
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN]
Um, Supreme Kai?
Are you sleeping
through my ceremony?